To install LBRYnet and lbrynet-console, see INSTALL

lbrynet-console is a console application which makes use of the LBRYnet to share files.

In particular, lbrynet-console splits files into encrypted chunks of data compatible with
LBRYnet, groups all metadata into a 'stream descriptor file' which can be sent directly to
others wishing to obtain the file, or can be itself turned into a chunk compatible with
LBRYnet and downloaded via LBRYnet by anyone knowing its sha384 hashsum. lbrynet-console
also acts as a client whichreads a stream descriptor file, downloads the chunks of data
specified by the hash sums found in the stream descriptor file, decrypts them according to
metadata found in the stream, and reconstructs the original file. lbrynet-console features
a server so that clients can connect to it and download the chunks and other data gotten
from files created locally and files that have been downloaded from LBRYnet.

lbrynet-console also has a plugin system. There are two plugins: a live stream proof of
concept which is currently far behind the development of the rest of the application and
therefore will not run, and a plugin which attempts to determine which chunks on the
network should be downloaded in order for the application to turn a profit. It will run,
but its usefulness is extremely limited.

Passing '--help' to lbrynet-console will cause it to print out a quick help message
describing other command line options to the application.

Once the application has been started, the user is presented with a numbered list of
actions which looks something like this:

...
[2] Toggle whether an LBRY File is running
[3] Create an LBRY File from file
[4] Publish a stream descriptor file to the DHT for an LBRY File
...

To perform an action, type the desired number and then hit enter. For example, if you wish
to create an LBRY file from a file as described in the beginning of this document, type 3 and
hit enter.

If the application needs more input in order to for the action to be taken, the application
will continue to print prompts for input until it has received what it needs.

For example, when creating an LBRY file from a file, the application needs to know which file
it's supposed to use to create the LBRY file, so the user will be prompted for it:

File name:

The user should input the desired file name and hit enter, at which point the application
will go about splitting the file and making it available on the network.

Some actions will produce sub-menus of actions, which work the same way.

A more detailed user guide is available at doc.lbry.io

Any issues may be reported to jimmy@lbry.io